README.md, before:

## CheckPoint project

### First day 

We were given an exercise, that checks how we use C, and how we allocate and release resources properly.
Using valgrind to check the allocations.

You are more than welcome to check the project in the [First_day folder](./first_day/).
and the notes in the [Notes.md](./first_day/notes.md).

### Second day

We learned about the linux kernel, and how to create a kernel module.

It had involved alot of learning, you are more than welcome to go the README file in the [Readme](./kernel_modules_and_networking/README.md), 
you can find there, detailed instructions on how to create a kernel module examples, explanations about every struct and functions, and how to use them.

### Conclusion

Personally, I learned alot, and I am very happy with the results, although I had higher expectations from the module we tried to build, which didnt really work as expected.

Be aware that the notes of each project were written in a hurry, in order to keep up with the pace of the course, so they might not be as clear or the language might not be as good as I would like it to be.

Commit message:

Added the kernel module netfilter 2, updated the README with the issues, and included Lubaba's perspective

README.md, after:

## CheckPoint project

### First day 

We were given an exercise, that checks how we use C, and how we allocate and release resources properly.
Using valgrind to check the allocations.

You are more than welcome to check the project in the [First_day folder](./first_day/).
and the notes in the [Notes.md](./first_day/notes.md).

### Second day

We learned about the linux kernel, and how to create a kernel module.

It had involved alot of learning, you are more than welcome to go the README file in the [Readme](./kernel_modules_and_networking/README.md), 
you can find there, detailed instructions on how to create a kernel module examples, explanations about every struct and functions, and how to use them.



### Conclusion

While we both learned a lot from this project, we had slightly different perspectives on the results.
**Yaniv** was very happy with the progress we made and the knowledge gained, though he had higher expectations for the module’s performance, which didn’t work as smoothly as expected.


As for **Lubaba**, Working on the kernel project sparked Lubaba's interest in exploring kernel development and taking on new challenges. Although the module didn’t work perfectly, she used the opportunity to try different methods and learn from the process. The challenges made the experience even more rewarding, driving her to understand kernel modules better and pushing her to keep improving her skills.


Be aware that the notes of each project were written in a hurry, in order to keep up with the pace of the course, so they might not be as clear or the language might not be as good as I would like it to be.
